# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

Feeling better overall after taking the weekend and slowly working through my code project. I struggled a lot during this week. The information is coming fast and it does make sense during lecture. But my recall on it was a bit shaky. I had trouble breaking down my own functions into smaller and more manageable bits of code. I did ask for tutoring sessions this week to go through javascript line by line with someone so I could help cement my understanding of the concepts that we went over in class. And this helped a ton, just slowing it down and breaking it down into easy basic functions. I hate asking for help and that in and of itself is a really stupid stance to take. I let myself struggle alone for way to long before I reached out to the TA's and tutors. 


## Prompts
- What went well this week?
My understanding after tutoring sessions.

- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
All of it haha. Not even kidding.

- What are you struggling with?
Still a little with javascript, but I just need to use it more to gain some confidence using it. 

- What would you count as a victory?
Finally understanding the flow of the code once i asked for help. 
